(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Out of the
Digi-destined children
only Tai and Matt were left
behind in the Digital World.
While Sora and the
others found themselves
mysteriously sent back
to the real world.
Tai and Matt come across
Leomon and his army
who fight back against
the threat of Devimon.
Together they raid
Bulbmon who carries cargo
related to the
Celestial Digimon.
The identity of the precious
cargo turns out to be...
(emotional music)
TK!
Wake up!
Wait, is that Matt's brother?
What is he doing here?
(Tai groans in pain)
Now what?
(growls) This power must be...
(glass cracks)
(dramatic music)
Huh?
(Velgemon roars)
(glass shatters)
TK, no!
(air blasts)
Come on, we've got
to get out of here!
(Leomon yells determinedly)
(Velgemon roars)
[Tai] What in the
world is that thing?
And how is it this powerful?
That's Velgemon,
the dark beast rumored to
be able to swallow the dead
in ancient legends.
So, even a Digimon
as strong as that
is lending its power to Devimon.
(Matt grunts worriedly)
(air whooshes)
(Matt and Leomon gasp)
TK!
Let's go Garurumon!
Right!
You ready for this, Greymon?
[Greymon] Yeah!
(explosion)
Megadramon.
(Leomon grunts)
Fist of the Beast King!
(explosion)
I'll do my best to
keep this one busy.
Leave him to me.
You follow Velgemon.
Thank you, and good luck.
Let's go get him.
[Greymon] You got it.
I'm your opponent now, so
give me a fight to remember!
(Leomon roars)
(dramatic music)
Hang in there!
(epic orchestral music)
[Garurumon] Garurumon
digivolve to...
WereGarurumon!
[Greymon] Greymon
digivolve to...
MetalGreymon!
Get on up here if you can, Matt!
We're coming for you.
(children talking and playing)
Come on.
I still can't manage
to connect with Tai.
[Sora] Hey, Izzy!
Uh?
Sorry for being late.
[Izzy] Oh, no problem.
Last night, when
I got back home,
my mom was there
waiting to chew me out.
Ah, my legs are still numb
from sitting on my
knees for so long.
Well, it's understandable
she's upset
since we were gone for
three days during a crisis.
So, what did your parents
say when you got home?
Huh?
Actually... my
parents are kind of...
(text message ring)
Oh, I just got a message
from Mimi and Joe.
Seems like they're
both running late.
(Izzy sighs uneasily)
[Tentomon] Izzy!
[Izzy] Tentomon?
[Tentomon] I can't believe
I finally got ahold of you!
Is that really him?
[Tentomon] Sora's with you to?
That must mean...
Ah...
Shoot, I've got to
move somewhere
where we can talk freely.
(Izzy pants)
Hold on a second Izzy, wait up!
Sorry about that, Tentomon.
[Tentomon] No worries, Izzy.
So, anyway, where exactly
are you two right now?
Somehow or another we
ended up back in our world.
[Tentomon] What?
But how?
We're not quire sure how it
happened either, honestly.
Thankfully, we're all
safe over here though.
[Tentomon] Oh, that's a relief.
Everyone on our
side is okay too.
Sora!
Biyomon!
Hey, where's Joe?
Why isn't Mimi with you?
Sorry guys, but they're
running a little late.
[Palmon] That
sounds about right.
You heard her, she said
they'll be here soon.
So, what about you?
Where are you guys on the
Network side right now?
It kind of looks like
the first place where
we fought, Tentomon.
[Tentomon] Spot on
as always, Izzy.
We somehow wound up back
here after we got split up
from all of you earlier.
Yeah, the connection's
a little iffy.
[Gomamon] We had
a really hard time
just getting ahold of you.
(Izzy and Sora sigh uneasily)
We managed to save Tokyo,
but now there are problems
occurring across Networks
all over the world.
[Tentomon] Just
leave it to me, Izzy!
I'll look into it.
[Izzy] Good idea, let
me know what you find.
Try to keep up with
him, MetalGreymon.
Right.
(air whooshes)
How are we supposed
to get close to him
when we can't even catch up?
MetalGreymon, I have an idea!
[MetalGreymon] Giga Blaster!
(singing in Japanese)
(WereGarurumon runs loudly)
(WereGarurumon roars)
Wolf Claw!
(explosion)
Now!
[MetalGreymon] Here goes!
Get ready.
Watch out for my signal.
Mm-hmm.
Trident Arm!
Now, Matt!
Go for it!
(Matt yells determinedly)
Yes!
I'm coming.
Ah!
(Matt groans with effort)
Careful!
This won't last for long.
[Tai] He can do it.
We're running out of time!
No!
I can do it.
I have to do it!
It's me, TK!
Can you hear me?
TK!
Uh...
(underwater bubbling)
You got to wake up!
TK!
(feathers explode)
TK...
I'm here!
Wake up!
[TK] Matt, is that you?
(Matt groans with effort)
Grab onto my hand!
[TK] It is you.
(TK groans with effort)
(emotional piano music)
You're almost there!
I can't reach it.
(feathers exploding)
Hurry, TK!
I'm trying, Matt!
(hands clap)
Ah!
(TK and Matt grunt)
You came for me.
Of course.
Nice work, but we
have to get moving.
Now for our great escape.
[MetalGreymon] About time.
(Trident Arm clangs)
All right, let's
get out of here!
We can stall Valgemon.
MetalGreymon, hit him
with that attack of yours!
Got it.
Giga Blaster!
Giga Storm!
Wolf Claw!
(MetalGreymon roars)
(WereGarurumon groans in effort)
(dramatic music)
(laser blasts)
Ah!
(Tai screams)
(Matt and TK gasp)
Hang on!
(loud crash)
Hey, is everyone
okay over there?
Sort of.
-Huh?
(MetalGreymon grunts in pain)
Hold on, is that...
The same attack that was able
to crush Bulbmon earlier.
(TK screams)
TK!
Help me, Matt!
TK, no!
This is bad, you guys.
We have to get out of here!
Please, help me!
(underwater bubbling)
(man groans with effort)
Don't leave me, Matt.
(sad music)
Careful!
(man groans with effort)
Stop it right now!
(hopeful music)
(TK gasps)
(explosion)
Huh?
What is all this light?
(hopeful music swells)
No way... Could it be?
There's no doubt about it.
That Digimon is the one
that we've been looking for
this whole time.
The Celestial Digimon!
TK...
I see...
TK is...
That light...
They must have found it.
(hopeful music crescendos)
TK.
This light is...
Giving us power.
I can feel it.
(laser blasts)
(WereGarurumon roars)
Giga Storm!
(fire blasts)
Wolf Claw!
(explosion)
No way, the Celestial
Digimon's power's incredible.
(Angemon chuckles)
Huh?
(Matt and Tai gasp)
Did the Celestial
Digimon just...
Become an egg?
Or am I crazy?
That's got to be a digi-egg.
All Digimon, no matter how weak
or strong they end up being,
are born from them.
And when our lives here
eventually come to an end,
we're reborn once
again as a digi-egg.
(TK gasps)
(Matt and Tai gasp)
Who is that guy,
and what's he want with the egg?
(TK gasps worriedly)
[Devimon] I see,
So you've unintentionally
ended up in the suited form
to steep into darkness.
Now then,
return to my side.
Oh great Celestial Digimon.
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the
Digimon Encyclopedia is...
Kabuterimon!
This Digimon evolves
from my partner Tentomon.
The Electro Shocker attack
can take out multiple enemies
in one strike.
And check out this fun fact...
It may not look like it,
but Kabuterimon's
head is actually
pretty comfortable to ride on.
I've learned some jokes
while riding up there too.
I don't understand half
of them to be honest.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] When Tai puts
himself in harms way
to protect a friend,
a never-before-seen miracle
befalls MetalGreymon.
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure:
"The Tide-Turning Update."
The adventure continues
in a new world.